Publish EC drug and disease lists to HuggingFace Hub (#XDATA-282) (#2073)
everycure-org/matrix: docs/src/pipeline/data/drug_disease_lists.md

The list will be used for communication and navigation purposes

## Availability on HuggingFace Hub

> The EC Disease List is also published on HuggingFace Hub at [everycure/disease-list](https://huggingface.co/datasets/everycure/disease-list) under the CC-BY-4.0 license. The HF dataset is updated automatically on minor and major releases (patch releases are skipped). Certain columns (`unmet_medical_need`, `is_psychiatric_disease`, `is_malignant_cancer`, `is_benign_tumour`, `is_infectious_disease`, `is_glucose_dysfunction`) are excluded from the public HF release because of their experimental, and therefore possibly misleading, nature.

Reviewer: @may-lim are you happy with this phrasing?

Reviewer 2: Thanks for flagging! I would rephrase to

> The EC Disease List is available on HuggingFace Hub at [everycure/disease-list](https://huggingface.co/datasets/everycure/disease-list) under the CC-BY-4.0 license. The HuggingFace dataset is automatically updated with each minor and major release (patch releases are not included).

The public HuggingFace version is designed to be clear, stable, and broadly usable. As part of that goal, certain internal-use fields that are still evolving are not included in the public release.

EC team members looking for the full dataset, including all internal fields, should refer to the datasets repository.

Author: ```suggestion
The EC Disease List is available on HuggingFace Hub at [everycure/disease-list](https://huggingface.co/datasets/everycure/disease-list) under the CC-BY-4.0 license. The HuggingFace dataset is automatically updated with each minor and major release (patch releases are not included).

The public HuggingFace version is designed to be clear, stable, and broadly usable. As part of that goal, certain internal-use fields that are still evolving are not included in the public release.

EC team members looking for the full dataset, including all internal fields, should refer to the datasets repository.
```
